Add new FIDO2/Passkey deep dive (#290)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/architecture/deep-dives/passkeys/implementations/relying-party/prf.md

    3. Encrypt the user's symmetric key with the RSA public key, producing `PublicKey(UserSymmetricKey)`
    4. Encrypt the RSA public key with the user's symmetric key, producing `UserSymmetricKey(PublicKey)`

`EncryptionKey(PrivateKey)`, `PublicKey(UserSymmetricKey)`, and `UserSymmetricKey(PublicKey)` are
persisted on the server and associated with the registered passkey. Note that the PRF key does
**not** leave the client at any point, to ensure zero-knowledge encryption.

:::tip Why an RSA key pair?

Put simply: key rotation. In order to support
[encryption key rotation](https://bitwarden.com/help/account-encryption-key/#rotate-your-encryption-key),
a user must be able to re-encrypt the symmetric key for all registered passkeys. If the PRF key was
used to directly encrypt the user's symmetric key then this operation would require gaining access
to the PRF keys for each registered credential. The use of a public/private key pair allows the user
to re-encrypt the new symmetric key with the public key, with the assurance that only the holder of
the private key can decrypt it, and without having to provide access to the PRF key for each
registered credential.

:::

> ### During passkey log in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### During passkey login
```

Author: I literally just changed this from `login` -> `log in` :) I think I have a hard time making the right choice due the fact that I'm not a native speaker, could you maybe expand on why `log in` doesn't work here?

Author: This is where I was asked to the opposite change https://github.com/bitwarden/contributing-docs/pull/290#discussion_r1494640051 @trmartin4 

Also I think the feature is called "Log in with passkey", if that has any impact

Reviewer: I can certainly sympathize, and this is one of the quirkier English adaptations of intent. Some scenarios to help with context:

1. I am a user and arrive at a screen for credentials. I am offered to "_log in_ with passkey" because I am taking that _action_. It's a use of the verb.
2. I am a documentation writer and see a section about a way to authenticate. I am documenting "_login_ with passkey" because I am working on a _concept_. It's a use of the noun.

the Bitwarden client will receive the PRF key in the assertion response.

The client will then submit the assertion (without the PRF key) to the server to perform
authentication.

If the server is able to validate the assertion, the user is authenticated, and as a part of the
authentication response the following PRF-encrypted key data is returned to the client:

    - The PRF-encrypted RSA private key (`EncryptionKey(PrivateKey)`)
    - The RSA public key-encrypted user symmetric key (`PublicKey(UserSymmetricKey)`)

In order to decrypt the vault data:

    1. The PRF key from the credential is stretched with HKDF.
    2. The resultant 32-bit encryption key is used to decrypt the RSA private key, with MAC validation taking place first.
    3. The RSA private key is used to decrypt the user's symmetric key.
    4. The symmetric key is used for vault decryption.

## Tips for using your passkey for decryption

### What if I am prompted for my master password when using a PRF-enabled passkey?

Support for PRF varies greatly across authenticators and platforms. Only when all members of the
WebAuthn assertion ceremony support PRF can Bitwarden obtain the key necessary for decryption. If

> you registered a passkey with PRF support, but you are prompted for your master password on log in,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you registered a passkey with PRF support, but you are prompted for your master password on login,
```
